Encoding API, some improvements (#40085)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/encoding_api/encodings/index.md

{{DefaultAPISidebar("Encoding API")}}

The constructors for the [Encoding API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Encoding_API) interfaces {{domxref("TextDecoder")}} and {{domxref("TextDecoderStream")}} can be passed an optional `label`, representing the encoding to be used.

> The default is `UTF-8`.

Reviewer: This seems like important information to include?

> The constructors for the [Encoding API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Encoding_API) interfaces {{domxref("TextDecoder")}} and {{domxref("TextDecoderStream")}} can be passed an optional `label` argument, which identifies the encoding system to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constructors for the [Encoding API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Encoding_API) interfaces {{domxref("TextDecoder")}} and {{domxref("TextDecoderStream")}} can be passed an optional `label` argument, which identifies the encoding to be used.
```
It's not a system.

> The following table lists all encoding labels that user agents must support, along with the encoding system that the label identifies. Note that most encoding systems have more than one label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists all encoding labels that user agents must support, along with the encoding that the label identifies. Note that most encodings have more than one label.
```

Reviewer: Also, the specification marks all of these but UTF-8 as legacy, so I'm not sure how much emphasis we should give to the legacy encodings.
